Polymorphism is one of the core concepts of object-oriented programming (OOP) and 
describes situations in which something occurs in several different forms.
In computer science, it describes the concept that you can 
access objects of different types through the same interface. 
Each type can provide its own independent implementation of this interface.

Polymorphism is the ability of a program to detect the real
class of an object and call its implementation even when its
real type is unknown in the current context.

There are two types of polymorphism as below:

Static Binding (or Compile time) Polymorphism, e.g., Method Overloading
Dynamic Binding (or Runtime) Polymorphism, e.g., Method overriding

1. Compile Time or Static Polymorphism
With Method Overloading, static polymorphism is achieved in Object-Oriented Programming languages that allow 
the programmer to implement various methods. 
The names they use can be the same, but their parameters are different. 
Certain conditions are conducive for static polymorphism as below:

      Types of All Parameters should be different.
      The sequence of the Parameters can be different.
      The number of parameters of one method should differ from the other method.
In the static binding polymorphism, the matching type and number of arguments invoke the overloaded functions. 

As all of this information is available during the compile time, the compiler selects the appropriate function. 
The function overloading does it, and operator overloading is also termed as static binding or early binding.


2.In the Dynamic Polymorphism, a call to a single overridden method is solved during a program’s runtime. 
Method overriding is one of the prominent examples of Runtime Polymorphism. 
In this process, the overriding is done through pointers and virtual functions.

In Method Overriding, a single method is declared in a sub-class present in a parent class. 
The child class gains a method for implementation.
During Runtime Polymorphism, the class offers the specification of its own to another inherited method. 
This transfer between methods is achieved without modifying the parent class object codes.